Tk/JComboBox version 1.04
=========================
  
  Use your own best judgement before upgrading your module
if you use JComboBox on a Windows machine. No new functionality
has been added. Code was added to accommodate test failures
reported in other platforms - failures that did not occur on 
my Windows test machines. The new code still does not trigger
any errors on my windows test machines.

  I noticed that a tester reported a failure on CPAN, so 
I investigated the problems. It turns out there were a few 
OS-specific problems including a few that I was not able 
to get to the bottom of since I was unable to duplicate them.

  I discovered a few places where I had problems due to not
setting default values for a few options (I should have known
better...). The other reported problems had to do with the
Test routines for validation - these problems I could not 
duplicate, so I'm antipating another failure from the tester.

  Unfortunately, I do not have the same LINUX distro the tester
had - I only had access to current SUSE and RH distributions.
After making the modifications listed in Changes, I 
tested against current versions of Solaris, and RH/SUSE 
Linux using the following Tk Versions:

 - Tk800.024 
 - Tk800.025 
 - Tk804.026 
 - Tk804.027 

The multiple versions of Tk took me a while and I'm not looking
forward to doing that again anytime soon. One thing that I 
noticed is the tendency of some failures to cause the test script
to die. For future releases, I'm planning on calling Test methods
within eval blocks. This has not been done for this version.

When using this module, please run the test suite, and report any 
failures that you encounter.

Changes for 1.04 (From Changes file)

1.04 Bug Fix - Response to Failed test report
     http://www.nntp.perl.org/group/perl.cpan.testers/187588
     By: Sébastien Aperghis-Tramoni <saper@cpan.org>
 
   - Some options were not being set to an initial value, and 
     were passing undef or "" off as a color. NOTE: this did
     not trigger an error on Win32.
     - Set default values for -highlightbackground, -highlightcolor,
       and -disabledbackground.

   - Noticed that some tests were using methods that expected 
     JComboBox to be packed (TestListwidth). Adjusted setup
     method TestListwidth and TestHighlight to test packed
     widgets, and made sure that update was called immediately
     after pack call. Mods in 02_Basic_Options.t, 
     03_Options_Callback. NOTE: the problem did not trigger
     any errors on Win32.

   - Cleaned code in various Test files, and JComboBox.pm
     - Ensure that I was using single quotes for all uses
       of cget and hash keys. This was done for consistancy
       and possibly older versions of perl.
    
   - Scanned and updated mods for changes due to release.

JComboBox is a ComboBox implementation that combines several features of the various Combo Box implementations available for Perl/Tk and attempts to provide a solution that should cover the majority of your Combo Box needs. The implementation tends to skew somewhat towards the Java and Win32 implementation of a Combo Box more than the Motif one, however it can be configured with little trouble to mimic the Motif implementation if desired.

There have been SEVERAL changes since the 0.02 version of this widget -- hopefully all positive. I've spent the majority of the time writing a fairly robust test suite, though there are still a few gaps which are being worked on. A reasonable amount of effort has gone into verifying that the unit tests will work on multiple platforms, though I suspect that there may yet be a problem or two remaining (mostly regarding event generation which seems to be a bit tempermental). I've also converted my HTML documentation to pod, and updated it to reflect the current state of the widget. 

I expect that this will be the last major release of JComboBox, barring bug fixes. I've been working on migrating the JComboBox codebase to a new distribution that I hope to make available on CPAN. JComboBox will become Tk::CWidget::ComboBox in that distribution - I've become a little uneasy about keeping the name as the Java implementation. Other than that, the widget will be mostly unchanged. Newer features will show up in that version and not this one. Thanks to everyone who contributed suggestions, code, and misc feedback. I hope this widget was helpful.

INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

DEPENDENCIES

This module requires these other modules and libraries:

  Tk

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2005 rcseege

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself. 

